voodoo game sebring ase
has to do
Yeah yeah yeah
sensory Dorepeka it fun
Responsive strategy
bethel
I'm waiting
Cooperate with everyone
Come to this place now
I 'm very happy that we stand here
In the life of one shutter
It is nice because it is possible that everyone become one
At first I had no idea but now I can fly and become the world's top
It was good
me
Yeah physician was dwelling
rebd knd sec leaves pairing champions 2
Large spanner while palm spanchesty
tpp Eye Watch Tida
Uhe' of you
w book
me
Abe Ikeda by Don
Every Prospéd s Carry Start Robot
It 's a competition that we are playing at Panasonic
At this live park live site with the desire to spread it to the world
It was decided to carry out such an event After all these people of the world
In front of a lot
I don't think that it is quite possible to have such experiences, so what will happen in the future life
I think it seems to be useful
15 people at such a world sports festival
It 's about saying that I'm going to the stage
I also but seems very in your life that hand down much really now on to a friend
Now the stage to say a good experience do you think is doing, such as can do that and come back as a player
And come only out of things like being interviewed was riding OJ winner it is very glad
is not it